`@plone/registry` as ESM module, move to TS, complete documentation (#6399)
plone/volto: packages/registry/docs/index.md

Author: @davisagli one of the things we have to talk about.

Author: Yes, we should, we need to figure out first: https://github.com/plone/volto/pull/6397

Their main purpose is encapsulate logic, configuration and customizations in a reusable way.
The only requirement is that their primary entry point (`main` key of their `package.json`) points to a module that exports a default function, which acts as a default configuration loader for that package.

> Add-ons are applied in the order they are declared in the `addons` key of `package.json` or programatically via a provided configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add-ons are applied in the order they are declared in the `addons` key of {file}`package.json` or programatically via a provided configuration file.
```

Add-ons can override configuration coming from other add-ons, providing a hierarchy of configuration stacks.

An add-on can be published in an npm registry, just as any other package.
However, add-ons are meant to not be transpiled, but built along with your app code.
They can be released as "source" packages or used directly in your app as local code.

Add-ons can define shadowed components.

> "Component shadowing" is a technique for overriding modules of other packages on build time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Component shadowing" is a technique for overriding modules of other packages at build time.
```

This technique builds upon the `resolve.aliases` facilities of bundlers, so modules can be replaced when the app is being built.

> Add-ons can be chained, so each one can configure the app in some way, but if needed, the next add-on can override and extend the previous configuration set by other add-ons. Thus, the order in which is add-on is registered matters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add-ons can be chained, where each one can configure the app in some way.
If needed, each add-on in the chain can override or extend the previous configuration that other add-ons set.
Thus, the order in which you register add-ons matters.
```

> % QUESTION: Should this go to "HowTo"s?

Reviewer: Yes. I'm not sure whether a `toctree` or `seealso` directive is more appropriate. We'll need to look at it again, after the dust settles.

## How To's

```{toctree}
:maxdepth: 1
howto/how-to-register-an-addon
howto/how-to-shadow-a-component
```

## Configuration registry

The configuration registry supplements the add-on registry.

> They both work together to provide an extensibility and pluggability capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They both work together to provide extensibility and pluggability capabilities.
```

> The configuration registry is a facility that stores app configuration to be shared in the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration registry is a facility that stores app configuration to share in the app.
```

The add-ons save configuration from the registry using their default export function on app bootstrap time.

> They retrieve this config as needed by the functionality and components they expose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They retrieve this configuration as needed by the functionality and components they expose.
```
